Cleaning up docs after Bare Metal GA (#2643)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/overview/_index.md

  Provides an overview of EKS Anywhere
---

> EKS Anywhere lets you create a Kubernetes cluster on premises to a chosen provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EKS Anywhere creates a Kubernetes cluster on premises to a chosen provider.
```

> Supported providers include Bare Metal and vSphere.

Reviewer: Should we say "Bare Metal" is tinkerbell in the CLI? Something like

```suggestion
Supported providers include Bare Metal (via Tinkerbell) and vSphere.
```
Or do we think people will figure it out when using `--help` output?
